Why is there a phrase in the Russian language where I will win they will win Yes you will win but I will win Well why not yes I will win this is a modern thing they came up with That somehow yes that is Why it turns out that uh Russian could never say that I won Hello good h Where are you from St. Petersburg I understood a T-shirt specially taco Delhi in flowers I just had to wear it at home to the store, I have n pieces like that And what is written there in short Zamir is for Kyiv Well, maybe Zakiev is also a gentle name for the Caucasus and we heard the surnames that is, when these relatives met him at the airport with a sign For peace for Kyiv they were arrested because they thought that they were holding a rally interesting yes Lucky, why are you talking about peace Hmm Good topic, what do you think, here’s how to come to him or about peace I mean about the state of non-war Or about the world about the world how is it Amir Amir you can express it in normal words Well in the Russian language there are two words koto Well the state of war and the second is what well the second is Describe in Russian Well, as if all people society all all people - this is humanity Well, you understand what I don’t understand. Well, okay, you’re a native speaker of Russian. You’re not a native speaker of the Second world. Well, to put it bluntly, Christian communion was called the community itself, and over the course of time, the concept of peace came to all other people in the end with the concept we all the people came in. This is a man who eats up the community, as it were, and well, this is Zamira all over the world, and it turns out that this phrase is for the world, peace Yes, communist, it meant something about the church. Yes, no, no, this means, as it were, the state of all humanity not war no then peace is humanity Well yes Yeah, that is, peace is a synonym for the word humanity yes Well rather society Well yes yes Yeah But this phrase in Russian there are interesting lakes in the world It’s like in humanity there are interesting lakes Well here’s one more thing the meaning is obtained the third meaning which is obtained, as it were, relatively speaking, the Universe or observable reality Uh-huh Well, well, that is, the world is the Universe Well, I understood one of the meanings, we already have three meanings of the word the world is Yes Well, there are many such words in the Russian language, for example, well a key, for example, is the simplest thing, respectively. Maybe a spring key. Or maybe a key that opens a lock. Indeed, it’s shorter than third or second grade. Well, what are these words called? They’re not second grade, second class, third somewhere, primary school, see different meanings in the word. Well, in my opinion, I I can confuse the word about, but words that have the meaning synonym synonym are words with the same meanings, but in most languages ​​there are complete synonyms. There are very few and antonym words with opposite meanings. What is neem then look at homonym synonym antonym I’m just a philologist I’m wondering why you I started to promote promi, I am a philologist by training Yes, I have 18 years of practice, in 2 years I will be 20. I wonder if people understand the essence of the words they say, that’s what a homonym is, an antonym is a hyperonym, for example, but what does this mean, I don’t know Well, apparently some kind of Greek word But what does it mean I don’t know Well, probably probably the word I so if we assume I don’t know this name also see here English name Yes hence the name nomenclature This is NM Yes it is present in many European languages ​​yes that is, it meant the name name This is a homonym Yes, this is a consonant name antonym - this is the opposite name synonym - this is the same name I understand, but there are also hyponyms and hypernyms, you got me, look what a hyponym is And a hypernym a hypernym is more of a name Yes, for example, an oak and a tree, yeah, a tree is a hypernym Yes, it turns out that the hyponym is the opposite - I understood less interestingly Thank you I will know a lot of philology And who are you by education? Well, my business computer science is Russian Well, your native language is Russian. You are Russian by nationality, you are a Tatar. Well, read native, I understand, it’s interesting because I myself graduated Slavic philology, including the Russian language, and So I’m interested, Uh, how are the Russians themselves? Yes, how much do they know their language? For example, one poker, two pokers, three pokers, four pokers, again the poker suggests itself, but it doesn’t seem to sound. I don’t think anyone would say that, they would say prostrate I don’t know there Well, look at your ancestors Yes, they wouldn’t have said five units of pokers. Well, I don’t know how they would have said it, well, it’s not obvious if five units are the same as five, that five units still turns out the same ending Well, yes yes yes I agree I don’t know well, poker poker quite unexpectedly really unexpectedly, that’s why I like artificial languages ​​That’s c+ Pascal like mizh Slavic type Dalyu because there are a lot of such unexpected things in quotes in natural languages ​​like some innocent suffixes that you’ll never guess and besides there’s super philologists, even from native speakers of the Russian language, the ending is not the ending, the stress is also an interesting question. Why is there a phrase in the Russian language, I will win, they will win, Yes, you will win, but I will win. Why not, yes, I will win, this is already modern, they came up with something, yes then there is Why it turns out that a Russian could never say that I won collectivist society no Look you will win you can say that is it is individual you are uh person Yes singular that is you will win but I will not win why is this not from collectivism Well I was joking Of course I I I’ll tell you why Yes, the fact is that there was a philologist who climbed like this, yes, he studied the grammatical and lexical features of the Russian language and accepted. He has one, he defended his doctoral dissertation, so by the way, he is from St. Petersburg State University about the fact that the Russian language is that Russian society was formed among the serfs, you know that the nobility spoke French in German, so until a certain Century, the Russian language was defeatist, that is, the Serf could not, uh, look at himself and as a person who would win, including Yes, how a person who can, that is, uh, Russians felt uh, second-rate in this state Yes, because there were boyar families, yes, uh, mostly Tatars were Germans, yes, there were French, he was Lermontov Yes, this is a Scottish family, Lermont, from there he and yes Dostoevsky - these were Tatars, Yusupov’s Tatars Here even by the surname Yes Bagration are Georgians Yes, the Russians didn’t even have any clans, that is, they were serfs and therefore Russian speech Yes, it was formed philologically Proven Yes, and Russian philologists were formed in a state of complete linguistic constriction of the ethnic group and their understanding of their own under this as it is dominant in Russian the situation of other ethnic groups, therefore, the Russian language in this regard is like this, therefore I have no victories. But Well, I don’t know about the situation later, there was such a phenomenon as a sleepy day, the most important thing is to give a person hope for some kind of deliverance and this is clear, but in a year or so, Someday, Waka, I’ll still run away. I’ll pull myself out of this. And of course, this is a state of triumph and it fits perfectly, look at Yuri on the day. Here’s Yuri on the day himself - This is a pre-Christian tradition. This is it, but under Yuri on the day they signed that the Serf could cross Yes and now there’s hope that the Master is beating me and beating me. Yes, but maybe in a year I’ll leave for a better master. Yes, so that he would beat me less. Yes, the Russians still have it; the Russians are now being skinned three times; Yes, they are raising the retirement age; Yes, they are In short, they are sent to slaughter for the war. They are silent, so they are also waiting for this Yuri a day, so that the Master will die and they will be given a new Master, that he will be shorter, maybe he won’t beat them so hard, that’s absolutely the same thing, that is, there from Yuri day to Yuri day they were just silent Yes and on Yuri day they could go to another master and here Yes Yeltsin was they were silent Yeltsin Master they removed the new Master they installed the Armed Forces they are silent and waiting At first he was Not entirely bad Master now Master is already a little crazy about it Yes, and he started whipping them there, punishing them, letting them go there and that’s it. And the Russians, look, you saw some kind of rally in the last 3 years of the war, at least some kind of rally against the war, well, for example, on the twenty-fifth or twenty-sixth. So you’re- First of all, you are a Tatar, after all, you are not Russian. True. Well, well, yes, the genetic Tatars were not serfs. True, they were. Of course, they were Russians. Well, the Tatars, the Tatars were serfs, so I had Prat. He was also a serf. Well, or rather, great Prat definitely paid redemption payments Well, maybe it wasn’t a Tatar or a Tatar. But what difference does it make? Well, that is, it all happened in the FMS of the province, yes. Well, accordingly, the fortress is very interesting, that is, you for the fortress too. It’s quite interesting for you for the fortress, it’s late, probably because it’s later than the Russian Well wait a second This is not a national question, we are talking about if we are talking about serfs, we are talking about a feudal society, right Yes, but but in the same feudal society, yes, different ethnic groups upon entering the Russian Empire had completely different privileges Yes, if we look at many - Turkic peoples Yes they didn’t have the same rights at all, they didn’t hang up, they didn’t hang up at all, they didn’t have the same rights as uh, the inhabitants of those who are called Russian by nature. Well, I’m just like Yalya, these Kazakhs were serfs, of course. Well, how should this be structured, that is, well, well you were so surprised, I’m just explaining, look, I’ll show it using the example of modern Russian society. Chechnya is a subject of the Russian Federation. Yes, Chechens are now the same serfs as Russians or not. I just don’t know what you mean. Modern is that Do you agree that a Chechen in Russia has more rights? than a Russian No, I’ll ask you Ramzan Kadyrov can declare and you have seen a blood feud declared publicly Ramzan Kadyrov could bring a Russian from Volgograd who burned the Koran Yes, to the pre-trial detention center of Grozny bring his fifteen-year-old son there so that he can be from this Russian Nikita the crane this is a Russian he can’t do that make a Russian no Chechens can beat a Russian Russians can’t beat a Chechen ask this question Some Deripaska and Karzh are coming to Moscow And the person crossing the road is a non-Russian ethnic Ukrainian, well, he says that he is Russian Well, okay, turnip is Ukrainian, even the last name is a completely different genotype and completely other status Russian who Lin is Jewish Melnichenko is probably also Chenko Ukrainian Yes good Rotenberg Jew Alisher Usmanov Uzbek how interesting we are [music] looks like a Jewish surname is not a Jewish surname yes Well good Well I know A number of people who to Well tell me which of the oligarchs Russian oligarchs Well, if you have Potanya Jews, then I don’t know who Well Potanin is a Jew Well, let’s just model here I have You have nene Just name it, look in Russia they say that there are millions of Russians But where are the Russian oligarchs, look how as usually happens here in societies, yes Where they capture some Wait, where some people are hurt Yes, there is a layer of power, it can be from representatives of one people, and the tax-paying class is from another people, that’s where the Russian oligarchs are Russian, more precisely, probably well, I don’t know, but Potanin himself identifies him as Russian, he says everything, I’m Russian, okay, well, some Russian rich man, yes, there are some, but he’s not going to Moscow. Name him if he exists, I don’t know where you got the idea that he’s a Jew. He’s not himself. knows that he is a Jew 140 million Russian yes Russians in let's say what percentage are Russians in Russia Well, this is a question first of all of self-identification Well, how many Russian percent 80 percent is true, 80 percent is well Well, approximately it means it is logical that 80 percent of the oligarchs should be Russian Why no Well, if it were distributed so evenly, well, it doesn’t happen like that. Well, that means, yes, why doesn’t it happen if there were normal relations and equal opportunities for different peoples, and then 80% of Russians? Yes, they were 80% in science, 80% in culture, 8% in oligarchs. Yes. Now, if you look, if everyone is an oligarch except Russians, and you are trying to find just one Russian and at least one is clinging to him there, then that means something is wrong, well, Russia is not a national state, but regarding equal distribution, well, everyone knows what is there More than half of the Nobel Prizes were received by Jews. Once again, let's talk about the oligarchs. Now let's deal with Russia with the oligarchs. How is it that I, like Potanin, became Jews? Well, look how it turns out that in Russia and in Russia where the richest people in Russia are not Russian, maybe some one where - there will be a Russian And so on he headed a very long time, let’s say, besides sweat, you can also name someone what is Malofeev, this is a Jewish surname Malofeev is good, but some are not Jewish Ivanov is also a Jewish surname Ivanov is not a Jewish surname Well, well, well, he’s an oligarch, not an oligarch, but who is the Minister of Defense was, well, a rich man and look, I read m Malofeev, yes, the surname came from the form Malafey of the canonical name malakhi, translated from Hebrew. The Messenger is some kind of thing, you said that you are a philologist and You’ve probably heard the surname Zadornov, that’s similar to What’s some such a work, well, after all, in the end, it seems to me that the question of ethnicity is especially relevant to such a group Like the Russians, look again Come on No No, let’s still take self-identification not self-identification Yes, we see that among the oligarchs there are Azerbaijanis Yes, these Avars are Turks no Turk no Turk No, there are Jews, there are Uzbeks, there are Ukrainians Yes, there are no Chechens, by the way, there are no Chechens, too, it turns out that the people are carried away. The people, well, there are only a million Chechens if you look at it like that in the Russian Federation, yes, that is, less than 1%, yes, that is, here they are smaller in size and we look just in terms of the amount of influence, yes, there are more Chechens, so there are less oligarchs than Chechens, it turns out that Chechens are just Chechens, look Chechen. Less less than a percent. Yes, if only there were 100 oligarchs. Yes, even one of them would not be a Chechen oligarch. Chechens have oligarchs now, I’ll tell you, I’ll tell you now. Listen, it’s even interesting to transfer this to Ukraine because you had this Surkov yes Surkov he’s this one he’s a Chechen with he’s a Chechen Well good good Dugin is also a Chechen not Dugin is not a Chechen Dugin is a Jew understood Alexander Gelevich You saw a Russian with the name helium Yes I don’t I saw such people Well, to the left I saw Russians, it’s like it’s also not very native in general Russian, it’s just collecting so it means Umar Alievich Dzhabrailov is from Chechnya Well, he’s some kind of unknown Well, apparently some kind of but I was trying to sum it all up - after all, Malofeev It’s like who is not Malofeev Malofeev he’s a Jew He’s not Russian It’s definitely his opinion on this matter that interests no one, as it were, his own opinion about who he is is not interesting Well look, if for example I’m Ukrainian now I’ll say that I’m an Italian, for example, because of this I won’t say I’m an Italian I won’t become Malofeev as a rather cunning oligarch Yes, he’s mimicking the idea of ​​collecting from this crowd Yes, a political point, that’s all Yeah But let’s still ask a question, I’ll let’s No we we’ll let’s get it we Popro No look We will try the dialogue that I asked the question You answer You did not answer until we finish this with you and then you will ask questions because you want to jump I am a very good dialogue I don’t let you jump from the question yes let us find the Russian oligarchs and then you will ask your question let’s ask the question once where are the Russian oligarchs Name them I called them Malofeev is not Russian Well all this is definitely not Russian Potanin I can still argue with you Yes but Malofeev is not here now I’ll see Potanin now this is my answer This is my answer the question belongs to me belongs to the answer no It doesn’t belong to you the answer I don’t accept it Well, this is my answer Var you are like for example a person on an exam yes says 2+ I say this is not this is my answer ok it may be right wrong but it’s mine call it let’s where are the Russian oligarchs Yes First of all, don’t let me do this Berezovsky was a Russian oligarch Yes, I know that he is a Jew, but he called himself a Russian oligarch, just like Malofeev Krasava Abramovich is a Russian oligarch Yes, he is a Jew, but you call the rudders like not a national country and not a national country at all, you are simply beautiful You're just great Well, so you understand that there are no Russian oligarchs because I'm telling you, the Russians are still in a serfdom, the Russians don't have their own, for example, see another question in the Russian Federation, yes Which peoples have their own republics, the Republic of Sakha has a Republic, these Buryats the Chechens have a Republic, the Russians don’t have their own republic, it’s true that you’re Russian, you’re still a person with a higher education, it seems like a cultured person, I’m not exactly with a higher education I have a doctoral dissertation, I’m 18 years old in scientific practice, in 2 years I’ll be twentieth, I’m in the Russian Republic, here’s the Chechen there is a Tatar republic, Yes, the Bashkor and Adyghe republic And so on, there is a Russian republic in Russia Russia is not mono-national Russia is not mono-national but the Tatar republic is the Chuvash republic is Buryat, different peoples have their own Republics Why don’t Russians have their own republic, even Russians, respectively, had wars in the first turn of the civil When the Russian Empire collapsed Well, why did it collapse Yes, but it was not created, the Russians did not create the Russians, two peoples of the Russian Federation who did not create their own republic Well, it’s bigger after all Well, the Chuvash Republic is the Chuvash Well, well, Chebaksary is the city of the Chuvash capital Chebaksary Yes, Chebaksary the capital of the Chuvash Republic Kai Republic is located that Chebaksary in which republic is the capital of the Chuvash Republic Chuvash Republic Are you located next to your Tatarstan in this look really look You really just Chuva is in Tatarstan Are you kidding me Let's look again Chuvash Republic is a Chuvash Republic Yes The Russians don’t have their own republic, two peoples under the captives Yes, who don’t have their own republic in the Russian freedom I don’t know, I don’t want to come to such a language Why the Russians don’t have their own republic, you’re burning out, why not, they haven’t matured politically as a nation, for example, or they are in an involuntary position or they have not yet emerged from tribal relations? Why don’t the Russians have their own republic decently? e time I ask you, do you answer or I still if you cannot constructively conduct a dialogue and answer questions I’m just I’ll send you and move on Explain why the Russians don’t have their own republic okay Go go come on then we’re sending you go go let’s make fun of Well damn against a philologist with eighteen years of experience in 2 years he will be the twentieth, you can’t trample on shi na y Instagram I don’t know what this is for what to be there to marvel at the oce face Ale for you tse odi two or three clicks Ale you trime me and I will be KZA in me there Kupa fouls and in me there will be a cool mood so that robiti but cool video message on th Instagram Popik Andriy So let me check for you With